# Text to JSON Converter

## Introduction

The **text_to_json_converter** is a Node.js project that converts text data into JSON format. It takes input text files, processes them, and generates a JSON file containing the converted data. The project uses `fs/promises` for file system operations and provides a `main.js` script to execute the conversion.

## Installation

To use the **text_to_json_converter**, follow these steps:

1. Ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your system(Any System).
2. Download the project source code or clone the repository from GitHub.
3. Navigate to the project directory in the terminal.
4. Run the following command to install project dependencies: `npm install`

## Usage

The project provides a simple command-line interface to convert text data to JSON. To convert a file, copy the whole song from NO.X to the end of the song into the `const.js` file, to convert the file to a json file, use the following command: `node main.js`.

## Files

The project consists of the following files:

1. **main.js**: This file is the entry point of the converter. It imports data from `const.js`, processes it using the `parseSong` function, and writes the output to `songs.json`.
2. **const.js**: This file contains the input text data as an array named `texts`. Each element of the array represents a song's lyrics in text format.
3. **songs.js**: The output JSON file generated by the converter. It contains an array of song objects, each having a `number` and `lyrics` field.

## Functions

### `parseSong(text)`

This function takes a string `text` as input, representing the lyrics of a song. It parses the input text and extracts the song number and lyrics. The function returns an object containing the song's details in the following format:

```json
{
  "number": "No. 1",
  "lyrics": "This is the lyrics of the song.\nIt has multiple lines."
}
```

## Example
Suppose the const.js file contains the following input text data:

```javascript
export const texts = [
  "No. 1\nThis is the lyrics of the first song.",
  "No. 2\nThis is the lyrics of the second song.",
  // Additional songs' lyrics go here
];
```

After running the converter using node `main.js`, it will generate a `songs.json` file with the following content:

```json
[
  {
    "number": "No. 1",
    "lyrics": "This is the lyrics of the first song."
  },
  {
    "number": "No. 2",
    "lyrics": "This is the lyrics of the second song."
  }
]
```

## Conclusion
The text_to_json_converter simplifies the process of converting text data into JSON format. It allows users to input multiple songs' lyrics in text format and produces a structured JSON file. With this tool, users can easily manage and process song data in their projects.
